RevVis - A Tool for the Visualization
of Structures and Properties in Reversible Circuits

by Robert Wille, Jannis Stoppe, Eleonora Schönborn, Kamalika Datta, and Rolf Drechsler

RevVis is a graphical interface which visualizes structures and properties of reversible circuits. RevVis collects relevant data of a given reversible cascade and presents it in a simple but intuitive fashion. By this, RevVis unveils information on characteristic structures and properties of reversible circuits that could be utilized for further optimization.

The recent interest in reversible computation led to plenty of (automatic) approaches for the design of the corresponding circuits. While this automation is desired in order to provide a proper support for the design of complex functionality, often a manual consideration and human intuition enable improvements or provide new ideas for design solutions. However, this manual interaction requires a good intuition of the structure or the properties of a reversible cascade which, with increasing circuit size, becomes harder to grasp. Visualization techniques that abstract irrelevant details and focus on intuitively displaying important structures or properties provide a solution to this problem and have already successfully been applied in other domains such as design of conventional software, hardware debugging, or Boolean satisfiability.

RevVis introduces such a graphical interface to the domain of reversible circuit design. RevVis collects relevant data of a given reversible cascade and presents it in a simple but intuitive fashion. By this, RevVis unveils information on characteristic structures and properties of reversible circuits that could be utilized for further optimization. 

Build and run RevVis using the gradle script via
	./gradlew desktop:run

Contact
Please contact us in case of questions and/or problems at

    revvis@informatik.uni-bremen.de


Reference

    Robert Wille, Jannis Stoppe, Eleonora Schönborn, Kamalika Datta, and Rolf Drechsler. RevVis: Visualization of Structures and Properties in Reversible Circuits. In Reversible Computation, Springer, 2014.
    Download Paper at http://www.informatik.uni-bremen.de/agra/doc/konf/14_rc_visualization_reversible_circuits.pdf
